so that's for this melon mojito
I propose to you today I will
do not slip the ingredients we need
so by promising he'll have us
a melon district like these of the
brown rum like that with a glass
any one I took a drink for
the mojito we will need juice from
lemon
so we have there and a melon juice
that we have a fund here and a
pod cleansing
so here it is going to be worth to us
teaspoon and a knife then
here we go so for this mojito the
long let's pour in first time
our rank strand that we have there we
see so will be less we will put 8
cents so that was important
so 80 he's the base of this mojito
it is the main ingredient
so here we have our Rome with
800 titles in this worm so has it
directly a true according to the rising of
side we will take our neighborhood
of melon so here we remove all the
parts that are not good melon
we kept that melon flesh
so that's just that so this melon
we are going to cut it first by
small features like these in fine
slices
then we will do little
cubes
this is like that a little ridges of
fish so this melon so see the
cut into even smaller cubes
like this and so that's it so
after we pour the pieces directly
in the mojito in rum this is in
sufficient quantity
so here is a melon district will suffice
amply for this mojito so here
directly after that to find
well the taste of the mail on in this mojito
we are going to put fine melon juice
melon concentrate that is sweet on the
base so concentrate me london we're going
2 cl put a little pl
I loved pennies in this little
glass once we have our two
centilitres of melon juice in this
drama we do not hesitate to brew for that
this juice dissolves well in this rum so
So here is rum and sweet with
pieces of melon with our juice
melon here our customers last time
we are going to put our lemon game
so our lemon juice 3 spoons at
coffee will suffice amply
and here we are brewing
we brew and it's over and over
last time we will put our
mint so that it covers the pieces
of melon
it sounds will be the presentation of this
cocktail and it will give a taste of mint
tasting this one here for the
mint and here we have our mojito
melon after we can do a little
presentation any
take the most basic I put two
the melons skin on the glass will try
very very well with this mojito so here we go
we have our melon mojito